Smart contract section (#1563)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/stack/smart-contracts/op-deployer-upgrade.mdx

*   Your chain must be owned by a smart contract for upgrade to work because the OPCM can only be called via `DELEGATECALL`.
*   Only versions `1.8`, `2.0`, and `3.0` are supported. Upgrading from previous versions requires [a different workflow](/stack/smart-contracts/upgrade-op-contracts-1-6-1-8).

You can use `upgrade` alongside or independently from [`superchain-ops`](/stack/smart-contracts/superchain-ops-guide).

## Using `upgrade`

<Steps>

### Install `op-deployer`

[Install `op-deployer`](/operators/chain-operators/tools/op-deployer#installation) from source or pre-built binary.

### Create a `config.json` file

Create a `config.json` file using the following example:

```json
{
  "prank": "<address of the contract that owns the chain>",
  "opcm": "<address of the chain's OPCM>",
  "chainConfigs": [
    {
      "systemConfigProxy": "<address of the chain's system config proxy>",
      "proxyAdmin": "<address of the chain's proxy admin>",
      "absolutePrestate": "<32-byte hash of the chain's absolute prestate>"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Generate call data

Run the following command:

```bash
op-deployer upgrade <version> \
  --config <path to config JSON>
```

> `version` must be either `2.0` or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`version` must be either major release `v2.0.0` or higher.
```

The output should look like:

```json
{
  "to": "<maps to the prank address>",
  "data": "<calldata>",
  "value": "0x0"
}
```

> You can use the `<calldata>` field as the input for your upgrade transaction. 

Reviewer: At this point you have the calldata, next you have to put it on chain to actually upgrade. So I would expand this last point along the lines of:

"Now you have the calldata that can be executed onchain to perform the L1 contract upgrade. You should simulate this upgrade and make sure the changes are expected. You can reference the validation files of previously executed upgrade tasks in the superchain-ops repo (add link) to see what the expected changes are. Once you're confident the state changes are expected, you can sign and execute the upgrade."
